Update Slack channels to new CNCF Slack channels (#3739)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/about/community.md

aliases = ["/docs/community/"]
+++

## Kubeflow Slack Channels

> Kubeflow is part of the vibrant CNCF community. You are welcome to create your CNCF Slack account [here](https://slack.cncf.io/) and then join the following list of Kubeflow Slack channels.

Reviewer: @terrytangyuan @andreyvelich I see the above conversation (https://github.com/kubeflow/website/pull/3739/files#r1610529091) was marked as resolved without reason.

So here is my suggestion again:

```suggestion
Kubeflow is part of the vibrant CNCF community, we use the [CNCF Slack](https://slack.cncf.io/) for informal discussions among users and contributors.
Please join the [Kubeflow channels](#slack-channels) to join the conversation and get help from the community.

<a href="https://slack.cncf.io/">
  <button class="btn btn-primary py-2 px-5 mb-3">Click to join:<br><b>CNCF Slack</b></button>
</a>
```

Author: That's because I marked it as resolved based on your previous comment https://github.com/kubeflow/website/pull/3739/files#r1610472753 and then you added another comment on the resolved comment.

Reviewer: But you marked both as resolved?

Either way, can we please discuss keeping the button, and the slight rewording proposed above?

> 

Reviewer: To help users understand that something has changed, we need to include a callout.
We can also link the old invitation here in a non-prominent way, to help users understand.

Here is my suggestion:

```suggestion

{{% alert title="Note" color="dark" %}}
The Kubeflow project migrated to the CNCF Slack in __July 2024__.
Historically, there was a dedicated [_Kubeflow Slack_](https://communityinviter.com/apps/kubeflow/slack) which is now deprecated.
{{% /alert %}}

```

Reviewer: If people are violently against linking the old server, we can remove that.

But we absolutely need to reference the fact that something changed.

Author: We can link to KSC decision record https://github.com/kubeflow/community/blob/master/ksc/decision-log.md

I don't think we need to link to the old Slack.

Reviewer 2: I still don't understand what is the user value to tell about the old Kubeflow Slack ?

All of the existing users are already in Kubeflow Slack, and they will be slowly migrated to the new one.
New users have to go directly to the new CNCF Slack.

Reviewer: I am less concerned about the link to the old slack, and more concerned about having a notice that something changed on XXX date, just remove the link and make it:

```md
{{% alert title="Note" color="dark" %}}
The Kubeflow project migrated to the CNCF Slack in __July 2024__.
Historically, there was a dedicated _Kubeflow Slack_ which is now deprecated.
{{% /alert %}}
```

Reviewer: Also, because the PR changed, the location I am proposing to add this is directly under the "join button", not under the "slack channels" section.

Author: Personal opinion - I don't think we should mention the old Slack at all. Existing users will know once we start notifying.

Reviewer 2: Yes, from my point of view, there is no user value to show this warning/message.

Reviewer: @andreyvelich @terrytangyuan the old Slack was used for 6+ years, it will help users migrate if they are aware that something has changed.

It's not a permanent notice, but it is critical during the next few transition months.

Silently changing things will confuse people.

_PS: If you disagree with the specific wording, please suggest another, I am not concerned with the exact wording of the notice._

Reviewer 2: @terrytangyuan and I have different view on this. We should just link the new CNCF slack, similar to how Argo community migrated to the CNCF Slack. Their transition was successful given that `argo` channels are one of the biggest in CNCF Slack.

I don't see any user value to have this warning on the Kubeflow website.

Do we have anyone in the Kubeflow community who has different thoughts here ?

/assign @johnugeorge @jbottum @james-jwu @zijianjoy @StefanoFioravanzo @kubeflow/wg-pipeline-leads @kubeflow/wg-training-leads @kubeflow/wg-notebooks-leads @kubeflow/wg-manifests-leads @akgraner @hbelmiro  @kubeflow/wg-data-leads

Reviewer 3: +1 to @andreyvelich  I don't see any advantage in referring to the previous slack channel

Author: During KSC, we decided to not mention previous Slack.

> | Description                 | Link                                                                             |

Reviewer: Lets put a heading here, so we can link to it, and also clarify that all links are on the CNCF slack:

```suggestion
### Slack Channels

The following table lists official Kubeflow channels which are hosted on the __CNCF Slack__:

| Description                 | Link                                                                             |
```

aliases = ["/docs/community/"]
+++

> ## Kubeflow Slack Channels

Reviewer: I think we should keep two buttons, one for "CNCF Slack" and one for "Legacy Kubeflow Slack", at least until we finish the migration and archive all channels that people could want.

People will continue to want to join the existing slack for at least a while (especially for distribution/other discussions).

Here is the code to make two buttons beside each other for this.

```md
<a href="https://communityinviter.com/apps/cloud-native/cncf">
  <button class="btn btn-primary py-2 px-5 mb-3">Click to join:<br><b>CNCF Slack</b></button>
</a>

<a href="https://communityinviter.com/apps/kubeflow/slack">
  <button class="btn btn-primary py-2 px-5 mb-3">Click to join:<br><b>Legacy Kubeflow Slack</b></button>
</a>
```

Author: Duplicate discussion

> Kubeflow is part of the vibrant CNCF community. You are welcome to create your CNCF Slack account [here](https://slack.cncf.io/) and then join the following list of Kubeflow Slack channels.

Reviewer 2: Do we want to keep the join button, and just replace the link with `https://communityinviter.com/apps/cloud-native/cncf` ?

Author: Oh I didn't know CNCF Slack had an inviter link. Although we had issues with inviters in general in the past so I am not sure if this will be stable.

Reviewer: The `https://communityinviter.com/apps/cloud-native/cncf` link has worked for a number of years at this point, but also, you literally cant join by clicking `https://slack.cncf.io/`, so we have to use an inviter.

Author: I just realized that it's the same. https://slack.cncf.io/ will redirect to the community inviter.

Author: I'd like to remove the button and use the sentence instead so that it's clear that they need to join CNCF Slack first.

Reviewer: Sorry, I misread the link (I thought it was a slack domain).

You are correct that `https://slack.cncf.io/` will work.

Reviewer: Here is my suggested wording which I think is slightly more clear:

```suggestion
Kubeflow is part of the vibrant CNCF community, we use the [CNCF Slack](https://slack.cncf.io/) for informal discussions among users and contributors.
Please join the [Kubeflow channels](#slack-channels) to join the conversation and get help from the community.

<a href="https://slack.cncf.io/">
  <button class="btn btn-primary py-2 px-5 mb-3">Click to join:<br><b>CNCF Slack</b></button>
</a>
```

Note, I have also created a new "slack channels" heading (so we can link to it), and I have kept the button to help users know what the "action" they can take is, which will increase the percentage of people who join.

| Description                 | Link                                                                             |
|-----------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Announcements               | [#kubeflow-announcements](https://app.slack.com/client/T08PSQ7BQ/C01EV0FV154)    |

> | GSoC Mentors                | [#kubeflow-gsoc-mentors](https://app.slack.com/client/T08PSQ7BQ/C06LJP14PB8)     |

Reviewer 2: Do we need to add this channel here ?

Reviewer 2: I am ok to make this channel private. What do you think @rareddy ?

Reviewer: This channel is already private, and MUST stay private, its for discussing sensitive topics that students should not see.

Author: It's currently public.

Author: removed. Will make it private once more mentors join

| GSoC Participants           | [kubeflow-gsoc-participants](https://app.slack.com/client/T08PSQ7BQ/C0742LBR5BM) |
| Katib                       | [#kubeflow-katib](https://app.slack.com/client/T08PSQ7BQ/C073N7AS48P)            |
| Model Registry              | [#kubeflow-model-registry](https://app.slack.com/client/T08PSQ7BQ/C073N7B6K3R)   |
| Notebooks                   | [#kubeflow-notebooks](https://app.slack.com/client/T08PSQ7BQ/C073W562HFY)        |

> | Pipelines                   | [#kubeflow-pipelines](hhttps://app.slack.com/client/T08PSQ7BQ/C073N7BMLB1)       |

Reviewer 2: This link doesn't work for me

Author: Did other links work?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, others work.

> | Release Team Communications | [#kubeflow-release](https://app.slack.com/client/T08PSQ7BQ/C073W572LA2)          |

Reviewer 2: Should we rename kubeflow-release channel to kubeflow-platform ? I don't think we need to have 2 channels and Kubeflow release is always associated  with Kubeflow Platform release. 
Thoughts @kubeflow/wg-manifests-leads @kubeflow/release-team ?

Author: Oh I think we might have discussed that in the original spreadsheet already and decided to use kubeflow-platform instead. Need to double check.

Author: Just checked the comments on the spreadsheet. 

#kubeflow-release is a separate channel. 
#wg-manifests is suggested to be #kubeflow-platform and we are postponing that. 

Let me know if we need to change the plan here.

Reviewer 2: @terrytangyuan Can we just start with a single #kubeflow-platform channel for release planning + manifests discussion. We can create separate channel for release in the future if that will be required.

Reviewer: I think `#kubeflow-release` is important to have, its a very active channel on the old slack which we use to discuss things related to the release.

Calling it anything else will make it harder for people to migrate.

Reviewer 2: We can make this new `#kubeflow-platform` channel very active and post release updates there.
As I said, these releases are associated with Kubeflow manifests release, so they are related to the Kubeflow Platform discussion.
Release updates for standalone Kubeflow components should be discussed in the components channels.

What do you think @kubeflow/release-team @kubeflow/wg-manifests-leads @diegolovison @hbelmiro @nagar-ajay @stevei101 @milosjava @ca-scribner ?

Reviewer 4: @andreyvelich  sounds good!

Reviewer 5: I'm fine with #kubeflow-platform for both release and manifests discussion.

Author: Renamed the channel to be kubeflow-platform
